c:\users\adminn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\PolygonEditor.exe.config
c:\users\adminn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\PolygonEditor.exe
c:\users\adminn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\PolygonEditor.pdb
c:\users\adminn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adminn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\adminn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\adminn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.g.resources
c:\users\adminn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\adminn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\adminn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.exe
c:\users\adminn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.pdb
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\AppControl\ColorEdit.baml
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\AppControl\ColorEdit.g.cs
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\PolygonEditor.exe.config
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.exe
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.pdb
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\AppControl\ColorEdit.baml
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\AppControl\ColorEdit.g.cs
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\PolygonEditor.exe
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\PolygonEditor.pdb
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.g.resources
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\View\PolygonEdit.baml
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\View\PolygonEdit.g.cs
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\View\PolygonEdit.g.cs
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\View\PolygonEdit.baml
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\PolygonEditor.exe.config
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.exe
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.pdb
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\PolygonEditor.exe
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\PolygonEditor.pdb
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\AppControl\ColorEdit.baml
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\AppControl\ColorEdit.g.cs
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\View\PolygonEdit.g.cs
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\View\PolygonEdit.baml
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.g.resources
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\work\tests\PolWihtOutPoint\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\PolygonEditor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\AppControl\EditablePolygon.baml
C:\Users\adminn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\AppControl\EditablePolygon.g.cs
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\AppControl\EditablePolygon.baml
D:\work\tests\PolygonEditor\PolygonEditor\obj\Debug\AppControl\EditablePolygon.g.cs
